classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:662: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new MethodDeclNode(new TypeNode("void", vleft, vright), name, params, b, vleft, vright); 
                                                                  ^
  symbol:   variable vleft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:662: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new MethodDeclNode(new TypeNode("void", vleft, vright), name, params, b, vleft, vright); 
                                                                         ^
  symbol:   variable vright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:662: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new MethodDeclNode(new TypeNode("void", vleft, vright), name, params, b, vleft, vright); 
                                                                                                   ^
  symbol:   variable vleft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:662: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new MethodDeclNode(new TypeNode("void", vleft, vright), name, params, b, vleft, vright); 
                                                                                                          ^
  symbol:   variable vright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:719: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new BlockNode(vars, stmts,  lcleft, lcright); 
                                                      ^
  symbol:   variable lcleft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:719: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new BlockNode(vars, stmts,  lcleft, lcright); 
                                                              ^
  symbol:   variable lcright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:794: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new TypeNode("int", ileft, iright); 
                                              ^
  symbol:   variable ileft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:794: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new TypeNode("int", ileft, iright); 
                                                     ^
  symbol:   variable iright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:803: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new TypeNode("boolean", bleft, bright); 
                                                  ^
  symbol:   variable bleft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:803: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new TypeNode("boolean", bleft, bright); 
                                                         ^
  symbol:   variable bright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:875: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new IfNode(cond, thenBlock, elseBlock, ileft, iright); 
                                                                 ^
  symbol:   variable ileft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:875: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new IfNode(cond, thenBlock, elseBlock, ileft, iright); 
                                                                        ^
  symbol:   variable iright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:890: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new IfNode(cond, thenBlock, null, ileft, iright); 
                                                            ^
  symbol:   variable ileft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:890: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new IfNode(cond, thenBlock, null, ileft, iright); 
                                                                   ^
  symbol:   variable iright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:911: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new ForStatementNode(var, init, cond, body, fleft, fright); 
                                                                      ^
  symbol:   variable fleft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:911: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new ForStatementNode(var, init, cond, body, fleft, fright); 
                                                                             ^
  symbol:   variable fright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:923: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new ReturnNode(e, rleft, rright); 
                                            ^
  symbol:   variable rleft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:923: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new ReturnNode(e, rleft, rright); 
                                                   ^
  symbol:   variable rright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:932: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new ReturnNode(null, rleft, rright); 
                                               ^
  symbol:   variable rleft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:932: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new ReturnNode(null, rleft, rright); 
                                                      ^
  symbol:   variable rright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:941: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new BreakStatementNode(bleft, bright); 
                                                 ^
  symbol:   variable bleft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:941: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new BreakStatementNode(bleft, bright); 
                                                        ^
  symbol:   variable bright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:950: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new ContinueStatementNode(cleft, cright); 
                                                    ^
  symbol:   variable cleft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:950: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new ContinueStatementNode(cleft, cright); 
                                                           ^
  symbol:   variable cright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:1049: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new CalloutNode(func, args, calloutleft, calloutright); 
                                                      ^
  symbol:   variable calloutleft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:1049: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new CalloutNode(func, args, calloutleft, calloutright); 
                                                                   ^
  symbol:   variable calloutright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:1154: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new UnaryOpNode("-", e, mleft, mright); 
                                                  ^
  symbol:   variable mleft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:1154: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new UnaryOpNode("-", e, mleft, mright); 
                                                         ^
  symbol:   variable mright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:1166: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new UnaryOpNode("!", e, nleft, nright); 
                                                  ^
  symbol:   variable nleft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:1166: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new UnaryOpNode("!", e, nleft, nright); 
                                                         ^
  symbol:   variable nright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:1439: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new BooleanLiteralNode(true, tleft, tright); 
                                                       ^
  symbol:   variable tleft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:1439: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new BooleanLiteralNode(true, tleft, tright); 
                                                              ^
  symbol:   variable tright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:1448: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new BooleanLiteralNode(false, fleft, fright); 
                                                        ^
  symbol:   variable fleft
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java:1448: error: cannot find symbol
                 RESULT = new BooleanLiteralNode(false, fleft, fright); 
                                                               ^
  symbol:   variable fright
  location: class Parser.CUP$Parser$actions
Note: classes/compiler/parser/Parser.java uses or overrides a deprecated API.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:deprecation for details.
34 errors
make: *** [compile] Error 1